chore: remove unnecessary suffix from @vaadin/flow-frontend imports (#131)
vaadin/docs: articles/fusion/advanced/client-middleware.asciidoc

client.middlewares = [MyLogMiddleware];
----

> NOTE: If you modify the middlewares array, only calls initiated after the modification use the new middlewares array. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Modifying middleware at runtime
[CAUTION]
If you modify the middlewares array, only calls initiated after the modification use the new middlewares array. 
```

Always try to provide a summarizing title for admonitions (I’m not sure my suggestion is correct). Also, here I think "caution" could be used to give it more emphasis.
